[Music]
the following is brought to you by Davy
Jones bad pirate impressions so put on
your eye patch and pegleg for some
rollicking fun argh
ahoy me hearties ever wanted to set sail
in search of some booty bet you have but
what if I told you that you needn't be
looking no further than your own
backyard to find a real treasure one
fine game did just that back in the wild
1980s when ships still had sails and
pirates like yours truly freely roamed
the Seas
she was living the dull and boring life
of a landlubber when one day she
rummaged through a stall at the local
flea market in London and she must have
had a keen eye then because she
immediately laid her eyes on a huge fake
diamond ring I must say I have fallen
for two big and shinies my thing after
all
anyways she said Who and went for it nah
she didn't pillage the store like a true
pirate she just bought the ring it cost
a mere 13 dollars though so I don't hold
any grudge the lady thought it was a
costume ring and not worth more than
that yet she loved it dearly and wore it
for over 30 years
Yoho what little did she know if you
already guessed that the ring on her
finger was much more than just a little
flake bling he'd be correct in 2017 a
jeweler approached her and told her he
was mesmerised by the ring since then
the Dame became possessed with a spirit
of adventure and finally took a precious
to the Sotheby's auction house for
evaluation now try to catch your jaws
before they hit the deck it turned out
that that door ring was a real 19th
century piece of jewelry silver with
diamond no doubt it had been lost over a
game of cards by some drunken one-legged
bosun the auctioneers told our fair lady
she was in for at least $450,000 and
that's before the auction in the end
that rock sold for nearly $850,000 who
shiver me timbers now it doesn't
surprise me that Dame decided not to
reveal her name to the world you have to
watch out for old pirates like me coming
for your booty what you asked how she
didn't notice the real value of the ring
herself well obviously it's because
she'd be a landlubber
was she assaulted sea dog she'd have
seen through the diamond right away the
head of Sotheby's jewelry Department a
last name Jessica winda disagrees with
me though she says the diamond was cut
in a way modern gems aren't cut anymore
mm-hmm it was to preserve its huge size
not to make it shinier so it could
confuse a lot of people into thinking
twas just a cheap trinket hmm I'll take
note of this when I bury my very own
treasure to mess with those who find it
ha ha no that one was a real tail wasn't
it but you know what you're listening so
well I'll tell ye a couple of other ins
I got being such an old salt and all so
I'll start with
cache of Roman God God
now that sparks an old pirate's heart
like nothing and me only I being green
with envy now cuz twittered me you found
that hidden booty Eric loss a retired
gardener from England was searching a
field with his metal detector for a
hammer his matey had lost their butt in
the hammarstedt he found a largest cache
of Roman gold in Britain he told this to
the authorities oh what a blunder and
they dug up more than 14 thousand items
coins rings bracelets and other precious
things blimey I could buy a good ship
with that in 1993 the booty was
evaluated and it all totaled at 1.75
million pounds which would be 4.3
million today now I wish I had me very
own metal detector to search for cabin
silver beards treasure ah but that's a
story for another time I guess 1 million
dollar painting covering a hole in the
wall now I'd be not a great kind of Sir
Kenneth Kenneth do you catch this old
man's drift day I'd be not good at arts
but I sure know a valuable painting when
I see him
this landlubber from Indiana obviously
did not he bought a picture for $29 and
used it to cover a hole in the wall of
his house he was a lucky old lug though
when he and his family played a board
game about art he saw the painting and
one of the cards they say it was called
magnolias on gold velvet cloth by Martin
Johnson head don't know the name and
flowers can go to Davy Jones locker but
I like the gold and velvet part in 1999
the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston
bought the painting from the family for
1.25 million dollars and
would be happy except me that is I'm
still salty that I didn't get me hands a
balut the middle ham doer after hearing
about this I'd give no quarter to get
meself a metal detector towards 1985
when Ted Seaton was walking around
Middleham castle with his device and
found something small he was sure it was
nothing special but it turned out to be
a 15th century pendant it was made of
gold with a large sapphire and intricate
engravings on both sides now that would
have been enough for me to hide it in me
stash and never show it to anyone what's
eatin that cunning scurvy dog sold it to
the Yorkshire museum for four million
dollars good parler if you ask me The
Saddle Ridge hoard if I had me a
property on land I'd reckon I'd dig it
up first and foremost a married couple
from California were walking their dog
not a sin just a regular land dog around
their piece of land in 2013 when they
saw a rusty tin cat they must have had
pirates in their kin for they decided to
look inside the can for some reason
would you dig up a piece of trash just
like that because you'd be curious man
me neither they did though and found
some 19th century coins in that dark an
and when they went on digging they
unearthed seven more cans with more
coins in him all in all they collected
twenty seven thousand four hundred sixty
dollars worth of buried treasure but
because it was so old they sold it at an
auction for a marvelous
ten million that'd be a letter um mehar
or plenty of crackers for Bali here good
birdie and finally me most desired booty
of them all Crater of Diamonds State
Park the park is in Arkansas or is that
Arkansas and it'd be the only park in
the whole world
where you can freely dig up your own
diamonds now if that's not a pirate's
dream nothing be and that be no hoax
since 1906 precious stones have been
found there in hundredths the one that
made me only high water was Uncle Sam
discovered in 1924 its weight was over
40 carats or 8 grams and it be the
largest diamond ever found in the US
just thinking of it makes me black heart
beat faster tourists find about 600
gemstones here every year so if he ever
in Arkansas or Arkansas make sure you go
and dig e some diamonds - just don't
cost me path if you see me thar I'm not
sharing me booty with anyone all right
me hearties
this old scurvy dog hope she liked his
treasure stories tell me now would you
like to go and try finding some booty
all on your own share your plans in the
comments down at the bottom and make
this old man here happy by giving his
video a big thumbs up sharing it with
his shipmates and pressing that red
subscribe button to join the Brightside
crew yo-ho-ho